Engage: Add more articles related to Upgrades (#6774)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-engage/upgrading/version-specific-upgrade-notes.md

---
description: Version specific documentation for upgrading to new major versions of Umbraco Engage.
---

# Version Specific Upgrade Notes

> This page covers specific upgrade documentation for when migrating to major xx of Umbraco Engage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article provides specific upgrade instructions for migrating to major version of Umbraco Engage
```
